bringing you back James well this is
this is pretty bats well they are to be
the defining moment my career came about
probably last March we're in Dubai yeah
we did the HS from around the world had
to go over and take the restaurant over
each Michelle was taking over a
restaurant as well and after we finished
cooking one night he put his hand on my
shoulder and he said steak tartare this
look of horror went across my face
thinking it expected me to make it
luckily we got this minion to do it and
then oh oh they're talking about food
while eating steak tartare and chips
back to life one of it must be funny
moments in my career there you go so
you've got yep i boiled them in the
skins basically because Irish potatoes
most of them and are so flurries yeah
they will fall apart in the sauce but if
you peel them first so awesome you know
and you keep kind of you keep much more
goodness in the potato if you boil them
with the skins and then peel them
afterwards yep so so we died in any oil
to this not know oh you actually don't
have to because we need all such a
massive tasting is that we need that fat
as well though it's keep the sausages
nice and moist
yeah a lot of people think you need to
make it we thought that softened bread
to do the hundred meter hurdles I think
that put you know pic should be sat
there and eating that's what you've been
better to do yeah there we go
I just got them less often if you're
worried about you enjoy them so I'll
turn these over and then okay well just
pop these in the oven yeah you know all
the way through here but throwing them
into the evidence absolutely I'll pop
those in the oven right so that's going
in the oven with some butter salt and
pepper I'm going to add in some hot milk
because cold milk will just make them
big Louie that's very hot and then fills
the cabbage a great the sauces are
cooked so you want me to fall that yeah
steam coming out of the potatoes tasted
it yet voted in and coconuts should be
you know a little bit sloppy it
shouldn't be kind of you shouldn't be
able to make a huge big Terrace was
absolutely for the leftover parsley
because yeah bit nervous cooking from
becoming pork and apple sauce oh just a
classic you need of course with
colcannon
a nice little bit of butter melting in
the center race the apples are just
cooks you can just kind of mash them
down with a spoon just on the top nicely
so it melts yes so we've got Irish pork
sausages with kilkanin and apple sauce
don't forget that a little bit of butter
on the top absolutely
you